buying a new lamp do your homework make
sure it's up for the job
here are the must-haves courtesy of the
new cube XL series from roland let's
start on the inside all roland Cube amps
have a custom-made speaker so they can
go louder and sound more clear than
other amps the cube speaker then
attaches to a baffle board which slots
into the sides of the amp creating
direct joint construction rather than
being screwed and glued in which
minimises vibration and then there's the
tone cubes contain Roland's powerful
Kazem technology which recreates an
array of world class amps and effects to
bring you versatile playable authentic
tones cube amps are also powered by boss
so they contain some of the most popular
and essential guitar effects from the
past three decades and that's not all
from the cube xx XL up a roland jc1 20
jazz chorus mode is included for that
classic warm clean tone
cube amps are sealed up at the back
keeping the inside safe from harm having
a solid backboard also enhances the low
frequencies and at the front an aerated
metal grill protects the speaker from
damage reduces vibration and helps
project the sound underneath four rubber
feet lift the amp slightly off the floor
reducing vibration and slippage as well
as protecting wooden floors on each side
cube amps have edge protectors that go
along the entire depth of the case
protecting these vulnerable areas just
as effectively as the corners and
helping to create that extra stability
and at the top of the amp you'll find
all your controls so you don't have to
bend down to adjust a Morita also metal
shafts and housings are used for the
knobs so your knob won't snap off during
rehearsals and don't forget that amps
need to be tough so cubes are subjected
to all kinds of abusive practices
including tests for extreme temperatures
excessive vibration dropping strength of
carrying handle and even the amount of
button presses and with all the above
you know that when you buy a rolling
cube am you're buying an amp to the last
at least as long as your guitar playing
career so don't go for second best